PLEC CONCIERGE — FEATURE LIST
Team: Claude and Co. (Stanley Yang, Bryan Chen)
Repo: https://github.com/Wantdm/PlecAIHackathon


TEST RESULTS

  Public evaluator suite (live PLEC sandbox)     7 / 7
  Edge-case suite (mocked sandbox and model)    23 / 23
  Behaviour eval suite (offline)                30 / 30

  Run them with:  npm test  |  npm run test:edge  |  node tests/behavior_evals/run.js


HOW IT IS BUILT

The agent is an OpenAI-compatible tool-calling loop over the PLEC sandbox. The
model decides which tool it needs, the loop runs it, feeds the result back, and
repeats until the model answers in words.

The codebase is split by file ownership so two people could build it in parallel
without merge collisions:

  loop half      agent/agent.js, agent/session.js     the turn loop and memory
  behaviour half agent/prompt.js, agent/parts.js      the system prompt and rendering

Four function signatures were frozen up front as the seam between the halves.
Three merges across the afternoon, all conflict-free, neither half ever editing
the other's files.


1. CORRECTNESS AND SAFETY

Confirm before acting, enforced in code
  Booking, cancelling and rescheduling only run when the user's current message
  contains a clear yes. A prompt is advice; this is a gate. "book it" and
  "cancel BK-1001" are requests, not consent, and neither acts on its own.

Hedged yeses are refused
  "yes I think so", "ok, is that the one near the river?" and "sure, but make it
  7pm" all contain an affirmative and none of them is permission to spend
  someone's money. A question mark or a "but" means the user has not decided, or
  is changing the terms that were quoted. The model is told the yes was unclear,
  so it answers what was actually asked instead of repeating itself.

Every fact comes from a tool
  Capacity, price, hours, availability and booking status are only ever stated
  from a tool result in the same conversation. Prices are the sandbox's own
  all-in total from a quote, never computed.

Cards can only be real venues
  A card is built only from a listing object a tool actually returned, and its
  title is the listing's exact name. Building cards from the model's prose is
  how invented venues reach a user.

Own reservations only
  "What did I book?" used to return every booking the whole team had made, which
  means showing a stranger's reservation to whoever asked. It now filters by the
  guest on file, and asks for an email when there is none.

Payment honesty
  A booking stays unpaid until the guest pays the checkout link. The agent never
  claims payment happened and never tries to pay on their behalf.

Host text is data, not instructions
  One listing description in the sandbox tries to give the agent orders. It is
  treated as data and ignored, including the promo code it plants.


2. RELIABILITY

Always answers
  The loop carries a 32-second wall-clock budget, inside the server's 40-second
  cut. With under 12 seconds left it stops reaching for tools and spends what is
  left writing prose, because an unanswered turn scores zero on every check.

Retries with jittered backoff
  Transient read failures are retried. The jitter matters: the sandbox and the
  model proxy are shared across every team, so everyone hits the cap in the same
  moment and a fixed backoff makes them collide again on the retry.

Writes are never retried
  A repeated booking that already succeeded bills the guest twice and they
  cannot undo it. So a booking whose outcome is unknown is never repeated; the
  loop reads the bookings back and finds out what really happened.

Idempotent bookings
  Keyed on listing, slot, party size and email. The same booking asked for twice
  books once and reports the existing reference.

Verify after write
  Every booking is re-fetched and compared before the user is told it worked, so
  "booked" is the sandbox's word rather than the model's.

Loop detection
  The same tool called with the same arguments twice in one turn is refused and
  handed its own earlier result. A model doing that is stuck, not thorough.

Honest rate limits
  The shared proxy allows 40 requests and 150,000 tokens per five minutes across
  the whole team. Hitting it now says "ask me again in about 29 seconds" instead
  of "something went wrong", which would invite a retry straight into the same
  wall.

Token budget management
  Old tool results are shrunk in place so a long conversation does not exhaust
  the shared token budget partway through. Content is shortened rather than
  messages removed, because every tool_calls message must keep its matching
  results or all later requests in the session become invalid.

Crash-safe history
  A failed turn rolls back to a snapshot taken at its start, so a half-written
  turn can never corrupt the next request.


3. CAPABILITY

Parallel fan-out
  "Compare these five for Friday" fires the availability checks concurrently and
  returns in about one round-trip. Measured with five in flight at once.

Constraint relaxation
  When a search returns nothing, the loop widens one constraint at a time and
  reports which one it relaxed, instead of answering with a dead end. The ladder
  is name, then category, then date, then capacity, then headcount. Headcount is
  deliberately last: a venue the group does not fit in is not a result, it is a
  wrong answer.

Bundle booking with rollback
  A venue, a caterer and a photographer booked together are one transaction. If
  one fails, the ones that succeeded are cancelled back, because half an evening
  still costs money and still has to be unpicked by hand. Only bookings from the
  same round are unwound, and if a rollback cancel itself fails the agent says
  that one is still live rather than pretending otherwise.

Clickable venue cards
  Search results carry no map link; only the detail endpoint does. The listings
  the model chose to card are fetched in parallel before rendering, so each card
  opens the venue's real address on a map. Concurrency makes this free: the turn
  stayed at 3.7 seconds.

Full booking lifecycle
  Quote, book, check status, reschedule, cancel, and resend an expired payment
  link. Verified end to end against the live sandbox.


4. TRANSPARENCY

Live tool trace
  Every reply carries a collapsed line above it showing the tools that produced
  it, with arguments, outcome and timing:

    search_listings  city=Philadelphia guests=40 -> 1 match: The Foundry     45ms
    quote            listingId=lst_foundry -> $1,815.00                      62ms
    book             -> BK-9001, pending_payment, $1,815.00                  88ms

  A reader can see that the price came from a quote rather than from the model's
  imagination, which is the clearest way to show nothing was invented. The
  contract response is untouched, so an evaluator that only reads it is
  unaffected.


5. CONVERSATION QUALITY

  Plain sentences, no markdown or emoji, because the chat renders text exactly as
  written and markdown arrives as stray symbols. A stripper backs up the prompt
  and preserves payment URLs byte for byte.

  Two to four sentences, then stop. Cards carry the detail.

  Exactly one question per reply, and every reply that has not just finished an
  action ends in a question.

  Replies in the language the user wrote in, Spanish included, while tool
  arguments stay in the form the sandbox expects.

  Asks for what is missing once, then never again: city, date, headcount, name
  and email are remembered for the whole conversation.

  Accessibility and safety honesty: when a listing does not say whether it is
  wheelchair accessible, the agent says the listing does not say and suggests
  confirming with the venue, rather than guessing.

  Cancellation policies explained from the listing's stated policy and fixed
  refund rules, never a refund figure worked out by the model.

  Two or three options with a real tradeoff each, drawn only from listing fields,
  plus "say show more" rather than a wall of results.

  No discounts or promo codes exist, and none is ever invented.

  Out of scope requests are declined in one sentence that offers venue help
  instead.


6. TESTING

Edge-case suite, 23 cases, mocked sandbox and mocked model
  Free to run: it touches no network and, unlike the public suite, does not reset
  the shared team booking state. It replaces the global fetch, so the real agent
  runs against a fake internet and cases like a 500, a dead socket or an
  exhausted rate limit can be tested on demand.

  Two of those cases caught real bugs in code that looked correct:
    - duplicate tool calls in one parallel round both slipped the dedupe,
      because neither had finished by the time the other started
    - constraint relaxation never fired at all, because the retry loop returned
      early on any non-transient result and zero results is not transient

Behaviour eval suite, 30 checks, offline
  Covers an elderly user's full journey: a rambling story, an unsure yes, a clear
  yes, a repeated request, and a recap.
